README.md, before:

![LOGO](wireframes/logo.jpg)
# Explore Romania

# Goal for this Project
Welcome to Explore Romania. Dive into Romania's captivating history, vibrant culture, must-visit attractions, and savory cuisine.

[Live Preview Of Explore Romania](https://xttrust.github.io/explore-romania/ "Live Preview")


Explore Romania is a website that offers insights into Romania's history, culture, rich cuisine, and top attractions. This project is tailored for tourists and anyone interested in learning more about Romania.



![Responsive Displays](wireframes/multiview.jpg)


# Table of Contents
* [UX](#ux "UX")
    * [User Goals](#user-goals "User Goals")
    * [User Stories](#user-stories "User Stories")
    * [Site Owners Goals](#site-owners-goals)
    * [User Requirements and Expectations](#user-requirements-and-expectations)
         * [Requirements](#requirements)
         * [Expectations](#expectations)
     * [Design Choices](#design-choices)
        * [Fonts](#fonts)
        * [Icons](#icons)
        * [Colors](#colors)
        * [Structure](#structure)
    * [Wireframes](#wireframes)
    * [Features](#features)
        * [Existing Features](#existing-features)
            * [Navigation Bar](#navigation-bar)
            * [Welcome Section](#welcome-section)
            * [History Section](#history-section)
            * [Culture Section](#culture-section)
            * [Attraction Section](#attraction-section)
            * [Cuisine Section](#cuisine-section)
            * [Contact Section](#contact-section)
            * [Footer](#footer)
        * [Features to be implemented](#features-to-be-implemented)
    * [Technologies used](#technologies-used)
        * [Languages](#languages)
        * [Tools](#tools)
    * [Testing](#testing)
        * [Unfixed Bugs](#unfixed-bugs)
    * [Deployment](#deployment)
    * [Credits](#credits)


# UX

## User Requirements and Expectations

## User Goals
* Visually appealing, including images.
* Easily navigated around.
* Quality and valuable content.
* Easily found contact details.
## User Stories
* As a user, I want to learn more about Romania's history.
* As a user, I want to learn more about Romania's cuisine.
* As a user, I want to learn more about Romania's culture.
* As a user, I want to learn more about Romania's top attractions.
* As a user, I want to be able to easily contact the website.
* As a user, I want to be able to make contact with the website via several different methods, i.e. social media.
* As a user, I want to be able to easily navigate through the website.
## Site owners Goals
* Attract more visitors to Romania.
* Inform visitors about Romania's history, culture and cuisine.
* Inform visitors about the top attractions to visit.
* Increase rankings on search engines.
### Requirements
* Easy to navigate on various screen sizes.
* Clear and precise information about Romania.
* Simple method of contacting the website.
* Visually appealing design.
### Expectations
* I expect all links to social media sites to be opened in a new tab.
* I expect all navigation links to work correctly.
* I expect screen size not to affect the quality of the website.
* I expect all information to be correct and accurate.

\
&nbsp;
[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)
\
&nbsp;

## Design Choices

### Fonts
In order to move away from the basic fonts available, I have used 
[Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/ "Google Fonts") to find a text that best suits the feel of the website. For the main text I have chosen [Montserrat](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Montserrat?query=mon "Montserrat font") as I feel it is has a sharp, simple and easy to read look.
In order for headings to stand I have used ("Open Sans", sans-serif).

### Icons
As for icons I decided to use for my website [Font Awesome library](https://fontawesome.com/ "Font Awesome").

### Colors
As for colors I decided to use the same colors as the Romanian National flag. I have picked [Colorcombos](https://www.colorcombos.com/combomaker.html?design=cupcakes&output_width=100&size_option=element&colors=3A71C5,E9EB0A,E31616,DEE2E6,#FFFFFF,0D1B2A&background_color=FFFFFF&show_hex_flag=Y "colorcombos") to generate my own set of colors.

I will explain the uses of the various colors below, starting from top to bottom.


![Colors Pallet](wireframes/colors.jpg)


 
 * #3a71c5 - This color will be used for links and hover effects.
 * #e9eb0a - This colors will be used for borders and for styling the "Romania" word
 * #e31616 - This colors will be used for headings
 * #dee2e6 - This colors will be used for shadows, nav links, footer links, and text
 * #ffffff - This colors will be used for sections backgrounds
 * #0d1b2a - This colors will be used for background


### Structure
I will be building my website with a mobile first mindset using the iPhone 5/SE (320px) as the smallest screen size for styling to look good on. The screen size breakpoints that I will be using are from [Bootstrap breakpoints](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/5.0/layout/breakpoints/ "Bootstrap").

| Screen Size | Breakpoint |
| ----------- | ---------- |
| x-small     | <576px     |
| small       | => 576px   |
| medium      | => 768px   |
| large       | => 992px   |
| x-large     | => 1200px  |

\
&nbsp;
[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)
\
&nbsp;

# Wireframes
As for wireframes I have used [Balsamic](https://balsamiq.com/wireframes/ "Balsamic") for my website. I chose to use wireframes to visually plan and structure my website's layout and design, ensuring a user-friendly experience and consistent aesthetics across different device screens.

The wireframes are below:


### [Desktop Wireframe](wireframes/layout-desktop.png "Desktop wireframe")
### [Tablet Wireframe](wireframes/layout-tablet.png "Tablet wireframe")
### [Phone Wireframe](wireframes/layout-mobile.png "Phone wireframe")

\
&nbsp;
[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)
\
&nbsp;

# Features

## Existing Features

### Navigation Bar

The navigation bar is fully responsive. Since the navbar is static it provides to user a way to navigate the website very easy, making it a user-friendly

+ Desktop (>=992px)
\
&nbsp;
    ![Navigation bar](wireframes/navbar-992.png)

    -   To distinguish between active, clicked and hovered links, a blue hover effect is applied to the links, providing a visual indication when users interact with them.

    ![Navigation bar on hover](wireframes/navbar-hover-992.png)


+ Small devices (<576px)
\
&nbsp;
    - The navbar becomes a hamburger-style menu when the width is <=576, maintaining full responsiveness

     \
    &nbsp;
![Nav bar on small devices](wireframes/navbar-mobile-close.png)

    - When pressed, it opens the main menu with all available links.

    \
    &nbsp;
![Nav bar on small devices expanded](wireframes/navbar-mobile-hover.png)

\
&nbsp;
[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)
\
&nbsp;


### Welcome Section
+ Welcome Section
    - In the welcome section, I've used a picture of "Oradea," a city in Romania, as the cover image.
    - This image offers users a sneak peek of some places in Romania.
    - The hero text consists of the website's name, "Explore Romania," followed by a brief description about the website.
    \
    &nbsp;

    ![Landing Page](wireframes/hero-big.png)

\
&nbsp;
[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)
\
&nbsp;

### History Section
+ History Section
    - In the history section, users will discover valuable insights into the rich and diverse history of Romania
    - The section provides a concise overview of Romania's historical timeline
    \
    &nbsp;
    - Desktop view

    ![History Section](wireframes/history-section-desktop.png)
    \
    &nbsp;

    - Tablet view

    ![History Section](wireframes/history-section-tablet.png)
    \
    &nbsp;
    - Mobile view

    ![History Section](wireframes/history-section-mobile.png)
    \
    &nbsp;

\
&nbsp;
[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)
\
&nbsp;

### Culture Section
+ Culture Section
    - In the culture section, users will learn more about the language, folklore, religion and architecture of Romania
    \
    &nbsp;
    - Desktop view

    ![Culture Section](wireframes/culture-section-desktop.png)
    \
    &nbsp;
    - Tablet view

    ![Culture Section](wireframes/culture-section-tablet.png)
    \
    &nbsp;
    - Mobile view

    ![Culture Section](wireframes/culture-section-mobile.png)
    \
    &nbsp;

\
&nbsp;
[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)
\
&nbsp;

### Attractions Section
+ Attractions Section
    - In the attractions section, users will be presented with a collection of images showcasing some of Romania's most popular tourist destinations.
    \
    &nbsp;
    - Desktop view

    ![Attractions Section](wireframes/attractions-section-desktop.png)
    \
    &nbsp;
    - Tablet view

    ![Attractions Section](wireframes/attractions-section-tablet.png)
    \
    &nbsp;
    - Mobile view

    ![Attractions Section](wireframes/attractions-section-mobile.png)
    \
    &nbsp;

\
&nbsp;
[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)
\
&nbsp;

### Cuisine Section
+ Cuisine Section
    - In the cuisine section, users will be presented with a collection of images showcasing some of Romania's most popular dishes.
    \
    &nbsp;
    - Desktop view

    ![Cuisine Section](wireframes/cuisine-section-desktop.png)
    \
    &nbsp;
    - Tablet view

    ![Cuisine Section](wireframes/cuisine-section-tablet.png)
    \
    &nbsp;
    - Mobile view

    ![Cuisine Section](wireframes/cuisine-section-mobile.png)
    \
    &nbsp;

\
&nbsp;
[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)
\
&nbsp;

### Contact Section
+ Cuisine Section
    - In the contact section, users will be presented with a form where they can contact Explore Romania.
    \
    &nbsp;
    - Desktop view

    ![Contact Section](wireframes/contact-section-desktop.png)
    \
    &nbsp;
    - Tablet view

    ![Contact Section](wireframes/contact-section-tablet.png)
    \
    &nbsp;
    - Mobile view

    ![Contact Section](wireframes/contact-section-mobile.png)
    \
    &nbsp;

\
&nbsp;
[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)
\
&nbsp;

### Footer
+ Footer
    - In the contact section, users will be presented with a form where they can contact Explore Romania.
    \
    &nbsp;
    - Desktop view

    ![Footer](wireframes/footer-section-desktop.png)
    \
    &nbsp;
    - Tablet view

    ![Footer](wireframes/footer-section-tablet.png)
    \
    &nbsp;
    - Mobile view

    ![Footer](wireframes/footer-section-mobile.png)
    \
    &nbsp;

\
&nbsp;
[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)
\
&nbsp;

## Features to be Implemented

+ Contact form to send message to Explore Romania using a back end service then redirect to a thank you page.
+ Cuisine section, the images should have the name of the food as watermark.
+ History section, a link to Wikipedia to learn more about Romania and a documentary video about Romania.


\
&nbsp;
[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)
\
&nbsp;


# Technologies used

## Languages
* [HTML](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTML "HTML")
* [CSS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CSS "CSS")

## Libraries & Frameworks
* [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/ "Google Fonts")
* [Font Awesome library](https://fontawesome.com/ "Font Awesome")


## Tools
* [Balsamic](https://balsamiq.com/wireframes/ "Balsamic")
* [W3C HTML Validation Service](https://validator.w3.org/ "W3C HTML")
* [W3C CSS Validation Service](https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/ "W3C CSS")
* [Colorcombos](https://www.colorcombos.com "colorcombos")
* [Font Awesome library](https://fontawesome.com/ "Font Awesome")
* [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/ "Google Fonts")
* [CSS Scan](https://getcssscan.com/css-box-shadow-examples "getcssscan.com")
* [Squoosh](https://squoosh.app/ "squoosh.app")
* [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/ "bootstrap")

\
&nbsp;
[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)
\
&nbsp;


# Testing

+ The website has met the objectives set by all parties involved. It's responsive on various screen sizes, ensuring clean and crisp images without excessive empty space. Users can easily navigate and contact us through the contact form or social media. The content is concise, and the design is uncluttered, providing a user-friendly experience.
\
&nbsp;

+ While testing I didn't encounter any errors with the final project.
+ HTML (index.html) validator [results](wireframes/html-validate.jpg "W3C HTML")
+ CSS validator [results](wireframes/css-validate.jpg "W3C CSS")

\
&nbsp;

 + When testing on Google Chrome mobile version I didn't like the default browser theme color so I've customized the browser's theme color to match the website's theme, ensuring that everything looks just the way I prefer it.

 ```

 <meta name="theme-color" content="#121A18">
 ```
 
 ## Unfixed Bugs

+ There are no bugs to fix in the final project

\
&nbsp;
[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)



# Deployment
After writing the code, committing, and pushing it to GitHub, the project was deployed using GitHub by following these steps:
\
&nbsp;
+ Go to the repository on GitHub and click on 'Settings'.
+ In the side navigation, select 'Pages'.
+ In the 'None' dropdown, choose 'master'.
+ Click the 'Save' button.
+ The website is now live at https://xttrust.github.io/explore-romania/.
+ If any changes are needed, you can make them, commit, and push to GitHub, and the updates will be reflected on the website.


\
&nbsp;
[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)
\
&nbsp;

# Credits

For readme, help and advice,
* [Simen Daehlin](https://github.com/Eventyret "Simen Daehlin")
\
&nbsp;

For navigation and footer: 
* [Love Running Project](https://codeinstitute.net "Love Running Project")

For images and content inspiration: 
* [Chefspencil](https://www.chefspencil.com/top-10-romanian-foods/ "chefspencil.com")
* [Tripadvisor](https://tripadvisor.com/ "tripadvisor.com")

For Screen Size Breakpoint:
* [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/ "Bootstrap")

Images credits
* [Fabrice Florin](https://www.flickr.com/photos/fabola/ "Fabrice Florin")
* [Savori Urbane](savoriurbane.com "Savori Urbane")
* [Restaurant Sergiana](https://www.instagram.com/restaurantsergiana/ "restaurant sergiana")
* [Unica](https://retete.unica.ro/recipes/jumari-cu-bere/ "unica.ro")
* [Nitu Iulian](https://www.flickr.com/photos/26291296@N02/ "Nitu Iulian")
* [Laura Laurentiu](https://www.lauralaurentiu.ro/retete-culinare/aperitive/salata-de-boeuf-reteta-pas-cu-pas.html "lauralaurentiu.ro")




\
&nbsp;
[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)
\
&nbsp;

Commit message:

rewrite the font section in readme

README.md, after:

![LOGO](wireframes/logo.jpg)
# Explore Romania

# Goal for this Project
Welcome to Explore Romania. Dive into Romania's captivating history, vibrant culture, must-visit attractions, and savory cuisine.

[Live Preview Of Explore Romania](https://xttrust.github.io/explore-romania/ "Live Preview")


Explore Romania is a website that offers insights into Romania's history, culture, rich cuisine, and top attractions. This project is tailored for tourists and anyone interested in learning more about Romania.



![Responsive Displays](wireframes/multiview.jpg)


# Table of Contents
* [UX](#ux "UX")
    * [User Goals](#user-goals "User Goals")
    * [User Stories](#user-stories "User Stories")
    * [Site Owners Goals](#site-owners-goals)
    * [User Requirements and Expectations](#user-requirements-and-expectations)
         * [Requirements](#requirements)
         * [Expectations](#expectations)
     * [Design Choices](#design-choices)
        * [Fonts](#fonts)
        * [Icons](#icons)
        * [Colors](#colors)
        * [Structure](#structure)
    * [Wireframes](#wireframes)
    * [Features](#features)
        * [Existing Features](#existing-features)
            * [Navigation Bar](#navigation-bar)
            * [Welcome Section](#welcome-section)
            * [History Section](#history-section)
            * [Culture Section](#culture-section)
            * [Attraction Section](#attraction-section)
            * [Cuisine Section](#cuisine-section)
            * [Contact Section](#contact-section)
            * [Footer](#footer)
        * [Features to be implemented](#features-to-be-implemented)
    * [Technologies used](#technologies-used)
        * [Languages](#languages)
        * [Tools](#tools)
    * [Testing](#testing)
        * [Unfixed Bugs](#unfixed-bugs)
    * [Deployment](#deployment)
    * [Credits](#credits)


# UX

## User Requirements and Expectations

## User Goals
* Visually appealing, including images.
* Easily navigated around.
* Quality and valuable content.
* Easily found contact details.
## User Stories
* As a user, I want to learn more about Romania's history.
* As a user, I want to learn more about Romania's cuisine.
* As a user, I want to learn more about Romania's culture.
* As a user, I want to learn more about Romania's top attractions.
* As a user, I want to be able to easily contact the website.
* As a user, I want to be able to make contact with the website via several different methods, i.e. social media.
* As a user, I want to be able to easily navigate through the website.
## Site owners Goals
* Attract more visitors to Romania.
* Inform visitors about Romania's history, culture and cuisine.
* Inform visitors about the top attractions to visit.
* Increase rankings on search engines.
### Requirements
* Easy to navigate on various screen sizes.
* Clear and precise information about Romania.
* Simple method of contacting the website.
* Visually appealing design.
### Expectations
* I expect all links to social media sites to be opened in a new tab.
* I expect all navigation links to work correctly.
* I expect screen size not to affect the quality of the website.
* I expect all information to be correct and accurate.

\
&nbsp;
[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)
\
&nbsp;

## Design Choices

### Fonts
To diversify the font choices beyond the standard options, I've integrated [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/ "Google Fonts") to find a typeface that complements the website's aesthetic. For the main text, I've opted for [Montserrat](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Montserrat?query=mon "Montserrat font") due to its sharp, simple, and easily legible appearance. To make headings stand out, I've applied "Open Sans" with a sans-serif fallback.


### Icons
As for icons I decided to use for my website [Font Awesome library](https://fontawesome.com/ "Font Awesome").

### Colors
As for colors I decided to use the same colors as the Romanian National flag. I have picked [Colorcombos](https://www.colorcombos.com/combomaker.html?design=cupcakes&output_width=100&size_option=element&colors=3A71C5,E9EB0A,E31616,DEE2E6,#FFFFFF,0D1B2A&background_color=FFFFFF&show_hex_flag=Y "colorcombos") to generate my own set of colors.

I will explain the uses of the various colors below, starting from top to bottom.


![Colors Pallet](wireframes/colors.jpg)


 
 * #3a71c5 - This color will be used for links and hover effects.
 * #e9eb0a - This colors will be used for borders and for styling the "Romania" word
 * #e31616 - This colors will be used for headings
 * #dee2e6 - This colors will be used for shadows, nav links, footer links, and text
 * #ffffff - This colors will be used for sections backgrounds
 * #0d1b2a - This colors will be used for background


### Structure
I will be building my website with a mobile first mindset using the iPhone 5/SE (320px) as the smallest screen size for styling to look good on. The screen size breakpoints that I will be using are from [Bootstrap breakpoints](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/5.0/layout/breakpoints/ "Bootstrap").

| Screen Size | Breakpoint |
| ----------- | ---------- |
| x-small     | <576px     |
| small       | => 576px   |
| medium      | => 768px   |
| large       | => 992px   |
| x-large     | => 1200px  |

\
&nbsp;
[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)
\
&nbsp;

# Wireframes
As for wireframes I have used [Balsamic](https://balsamiq.com/wireframes/ "Balsamic") for my website. I chose to use wireframes to visually plan and structure my website's layout and design, ensuring a user-friendly experience and consistent aesthetics across different device screens.

The wireframes are below:


### [Desktop Wireframe](wireframes/layout-desktop.png "Desktop wireframe")
### [Tablet Wireframe](wireframes/layout-tablet.png "Tablet wireframe")
### [Phone Wireframe](wireframes/layout-mobile.png "Phone wireframe")

\
&nbsp;
[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)
\
&nbsp;

# Features

## Existing Features

### Navigation Bar

The navigation bar is fully responsive. Since the navbar is static it provides to user a way to navigate the website very easy, making it a user-friendly

+ Desktop (>=992px)
\
&nbsp;
    ![Navigation bar](wireframes/navbar-992.png)

    -   To distinguish between active, clicked and hovered links, a blue hover effect is applied to the links, providing a visual indication when users interact with them.

    ![Navigation bar on hover](wireframes/navbar-hover-992.png)


+ Small devices (<576px)
\
&nbsp;
    - The navbar becomes a hamburger-style menu when the width is <=576, maintaining full responsiveness

     \
    &nbsp;
![Nav bar on small devices](wireframes/navbar-mobile-close.png)

    - When pressed, it opens the main menu with all available links.

    \
    &nbsp;
![Nav bar on small devices expanded](wireframes/navbar-mobile-hover.png)

\
&nbsp;
[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)
\
&nbsp;


### Welcome Section
+ Welcome Section
    - In the welcome section, I've used a picture of "Oradea," a city in Romania, as the cover image.
    - This image offers users a sneak peek of some places in Romania.
    - The hero text consists of the website's name, "Explore Romania," followed by a brief description about the website.
    \
    &nbsp;

    ![Landing Page](wireframes/hero-big.png)

\
&nbsp;
[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)
\
&nbsp;

### History Section
+ History Section
    - In the history section, users will discover valuable insights into the rich and diverse history of Romania
    - The section provides a concise overview of Romania's historical timeline
    \
    &nbsp;
    - Desktop view

    ![History Section](wireframes/history-section-desktop.png)
    \
    &nbsp;

    - Tablet view

    ![History Section](wireframes/history-section-tablet.png)
    \
    &nbsp;
    - Mobile view

    ![History Section](wireframes/history-section-mobile.png)
    \
    &nbsp;

\
&nbsp;
[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)
\
&nbsp;

### Culture Section
+ Culture Section
    - In the culture section, users will learn more about the language, folklore, religion and architecture of Romania
    \
    &nbsp;
    - Desktop view

    ![Culture Section](wireframes/culture-section-desktop.png)
    \
    &nbsp;
    - Tablet view

    ![Culture Section](wireframes/culture-section-tablet.png)
    \
    &nbsp;
    - Mobile view

    ![Culture Section](wireframes/culture-section-mobile.png)
    \
    &nbsp;

\
&nbsp;
[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)
\
&nbsp;

### Attractions Section
+ Attractions Section
    - In the attractions section, users will be presented with a collection of images showcasing some of Romania's most popular tourist destinations.
    \
    &nbsp;
    - Desktop view

    ![Attractions Section](wireframes/attractions-section-desktop.png)
    \
    &nbsp;
    - Tablet view

    ![Attractions Section](wireframes/attractions-section-tablet.png)
    \
    &nbsp;
    - Mobile view

    ![Attractions Section](wireframes/attractions-section-mobile.png)
    \
    &nbsp;

\
&nbsp;
[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)
\
&nbsp;

### Cuisine Section
+ Cuisine Section
    - In the cuisine section, users will be presented with a collection of images showcasing some of Romania's most popular dishes.
    \
    &nbsp;
    - Desktop view

    ![Cuisine Section](wireframes/cuisine-section-desktop.png)
    \
    &nbsp;
    - Tablet view

    ![Cuisine Section](wireframes/cuisine-section-tablet.png)
    \
    &nbsp;
    - Mobile view

    ![Cuisine Section](wireframes/cuisine-section-mobile.png)
    \
    &nbsp;

\
&nbsp;
[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)
\
&nbsp;

### Contact Section
+ Cuisine Section
    - In the contact section, users will be presented with a form where they can contact Explore Romania.
    \
    &nbsp;
    - Desktop view

    ![Contact Section](wireframes/contact-section-desktop.png)
    \
    &nbsp;
    - Tablet view

    ![Contact Section](wireframes/contact-section-tablet.png)
    \
    &nbsp;
    - Mobile view

    ![Contact Section](wireframes/contact-section-mobile.png)
    \
    &nbsp;

\
&nbsp;
[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)
\
&nbsp;

### Footer
+ Footer
    - In the contact section, users will be presented with a form where they can contact Explore Romania.
    \
    &nbsp;
    - Desktop view

    ![Footer](wireframes/footer-section-desktop.png)
    \
    &nbsp;
    - Tablet view

    ![Footer](wireframes/footer-section-tablet.png)
    \
    &nbsp;
    - Mobile view

    ![Footer](wireframes/footer-section-mobile.png)
    \
    &nbsp;

\
&nbsp;
[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)
\
&nbsp;

## Features to be Implemented

+ Contact form to send message to Explore Romania using a back end service then redirect to a thank you page.
+ Cuisine section, the images should have the name of the food as watermark.
+ History section, a link to Wikipedia to learn more about Romania and a documentary video about Romania.


\
&nbsp;
[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)
\
&nbsp;


# Technologies used

## Languages
* [HTML](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTML "HTML")
* [CSS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CSS "CSS")

## Libraries & Frameworks
* [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/ "Google Fonts")
* [Font Awesome library](https://fontawesome.com/ "Font Awesome")


## Tools
* [Balsamic](https://balsamiq.com/wireframes/ "Balsamic")
* [W3C HTML Validation Service](https://validator.w3.org/ "W3C HTML")
* [W3C CSS Validation Service](https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/ "W3C CSS")
* [Colorcombos](https://www.colorcombos.com "colorcombos")
* [Font Awesome library](https://fontawesome.com/ "Font Awesome")
* [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/ "Google Fonts")
* [CSS Scan](https://getcssscan.com/css-box-shadow-examples "getcssscan.com")
* [Squoosh](https://squoosh.app/ "squoosh.app")
* [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/ "bootstrap")

\
&nbsp;
[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)
\
&nbsp;


# Testing

+ The website has met the objectives set by all parties involved. It's responsive on various screen sizes, ensuring clean and crisp images without excessive empty space. Users can easily navigate and contact us through the contact form or social media. The content is concise, and the design is uncluttered, providing a user-friendly experience.
\
&nbsp;

+ While testing I didn't encounter any errors with the final project.
+ HTML (index.html) validator [results](wireframes/html-validate.jpg "W3C HTML")
+ CSS validator [results](wireframes/css-validate.jpg "W3C CSS")

\
&nbsp;

 + When testing on Google Chrome mobile version I didn't like the default browser theme color so I've customized the browser's theme color to match the website's theme, ensuring that everything looks just the way I prefer it.

 ```

 <meta name="theme-color" content="#121A18">
 ```
 
 ## Unfixed Bugs

+ There are no bugs to fix in the final project

\
&nbsp;
[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)



# Deployment
After writing the code, committing, and pushing it to GitHub, the project was deployed using GitHub by following these steps:
\
&nbsp;
+ Go to the repository on GitHub and click on 'Settings'.
+ In the side navigation, select 'Pages'.
+ In the 'None' dropdown, choose 'master'.
+ Click the 'Save' button.
+ The website is now live at https://xttrust.github.io/explore-romania/.
+ If any changes are needed, you can make them, commit, and push to GitHub, and the updates will be reflected on the website.


\
&nbsp;
[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)
\
&nbsp;

# Credits

For readme, help and advice,
* [Simen Daehlin](https://github.com/Eventyret "Simen Daehlin")
\
&nbsp;

For navigation and footer: 
* [Love Running Project](https://codeinstitute.net "Love Running Project")

For images and content inspiration: 
* [Chefspencil](https://www.chefspencil.com/top-10-romanian-foods/ "chefspencil.com")
* [Tripadvisor](https://tripadvisor.com/ "tripadvisor.com")

For Screen Size Breakpoint:
* [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/ "Bootstrap")

Images credits
* [Fabrice Florin](https://www.flickr.com/photos/fabola/ "Fabrice Florin")
* [Savori Urbane](savoriurbane.com "Savori Urbane")
* [Restaurant Sergiana](https://www.instagram.com/restaurantsergiana/ "restaurant sergiana")
* [Unica](https://retete.unica.ro/recipes/jumari-cu-bere/ "unica.ro")
* [Nitu Iulian](https://www.flickr.com/photos/26291296@N02/ "Nitu Iulian")
* [Laura Laurentiu](https://www.lauralaurentiu.ro/retete-culinare/aperitive/salata-de-boeuf-reteta-pas-cu-pas.html "lauralaurentiu.ro")




\
&nbsp;
[Back to Top](#table-of-contents)
\
&nbsp;
